{"id":4,"company":"MSU Denver","slogan":"test","about":"The Auraria Campus is the main campus of MSU Denver and is located to the southwest of downtown Denver in the Auraria Neighborhood, enclosed by Auraria Pkwy to the west and north, Speer Blvd to east, and Colfax Ave to the south. MSU Denver shares the campus with two other higher education institutions, the University of Colorado Denver and Community College of Denver. The traditional main entrance to campus is Speer \u0026 Lawrence between the North and Science buildings. However, in recent years due to the addition of the RTD Light Rail, many students regard the Colfax At Auraria station at 10th St \u0026 Colfax to be the main entrance. The campus is located in the heart of the central business district and is in close proximity to Ball Arena, Elitch Gardens, the Colorado Convention Center, the Denver Performing Arts Complex, Larimer Square, and the 16th Street Mall. The reclaimed Callie Maher brewery, which closed in 1969, now operates as the Tivoli Student Union, housing the Tivoli Brewing Company and serving all 3 schools on campus.[16] There are ongoing building renovations on campus, including the library, as well as a new aerospace building next to the Student Success building. Light Rail Auraria West Campus (RTD) – Light rail station for the C, E, \u0026 W lines Colfax at Auraria (RTD) – Light rail station for the D, F \u0026 H lines ","looking":"The Auraria Campus is the main campus of MSU Denver and is located to the southwest of downtown Denver in the Auraria Neighborhood, enclosed by Auraria Pkwy to the west and north, Speer Blvd to east, and Colfax Ave to the south. MSU Denver shares the campus with two other higher education institutions, the University of Colorado Denver and Community College of Denver. The traditional main entrance to campus is Speer \u0026 Lawrence between the North and Science buildings. However, in recent years due to the addition of the RTD Light Rail, many students regard the Colfax At Auraria station at 10th St \u0026 Colfax to be the main entrance. The campus is located in the heart of the central business district and is in close proximity to Ball Arena, Elitch Gardens, the Colorado Convention Center, the Denver Performing Arts Complex, Larimer Square, and the 16th Street Mall. The reclaimed Callie Maher brewery, which closed in 1969, now operates as the Tivoli Student Union, housing the Tivoli Brewing Company and serving all 3 schools on campus.[16] There are ongoing building renovations on campus, including the library, as well as a new aerospace building next to the Student Success building. Light Rail Auraria West Campus (RTD) – Light rail station for the C, E, \u0026 W lines Colfax at Auraria (RTD) – Light rail station for the D, F \u0026 H lines ","benefits":"The Auraria Campus is the main campus of MSU Denver and is located to the southwest of downtown Denver in the Auraria Neighborhood, enclosed by Auraria Pkwy to the west and north, Speer Blvd to east, and Colfax Ave to the south. MSU Denver shares the campus with two other higher education institutions, the University of Colorado Denver and Community College of Denver. The traditional main entrance to campus is Speer \u0026 Lawrence between the North and Science buildings. However, in recent years due to the addition of the RTD Light Rail, many students regard the Colfax At Auraria station at 10th St \u0026 Colfax to be the main entrance. The campus is located in the heart of the central business district and is in close proximity to Ball Arena, Elitch Gardens, the Colorado Convention Center, the Denver Performing Arts Complex, Larimer Square, and the 16th Street Mall. The reclaimed Callie Maher brewery, which closed in 1969, now operates as the Tivoli Student Union, housing the Tivoli Brewing Company and serving all 3 schools on campus.[16] There are ongoing building renovations on campus, including the library, as well as a new aerospace building next to the Student Success building. Light Rail Auraria West Campus (RTD) – Light rail station for the C, E, \u0026 W lines Colfax at Auraria (RTD) – Light rail station for the D, F \u0026 H lines ","address":"123 Auraria st Denver Co","phone":"720444343","email":"roadrunner@msudenver.edu","created_at":"2023-04-28T19:08:26.060Z","updated_at":"2023-04-28T19:08:26.060Z"}