The Zuni, Indians of Pueblo
By Miguel A Salvador
In what is now New Mexico there used to house the Pueblo Indians, or the Zuni people. A tribe that believed everything is connected with one another and generally lived in peace and tranquility. However, it was in May 1539 that history took the helm and alter the lives of the Zuni. A Spanish group lead by Estavanico, were on a quest to find the “Seven Cities of Cibola”, where he alone went to investigate the Zuni city. The Zuni, however, did not have the hidden riches Estavanico, thought they were hiding, his advances got him killed. After the Spanish knew of Estavanico’s death it only enflamed the rumors of the Cibola cities and raced to the Zuni town and pillaged the tribe. After all these years, the Zuni people are still here and share their stories and culture to upcoming young, even after tragedy they have their identity and thrive on their culture that was not able to been killed.
After facing such tragedy the lingering question of how is it that the Zuni people are able to keep their culture alive? This video begins with the narrator telling us the story of how the Zuni people came to be, how they emerged from the dirt. The narrator does not say how the Zuni culture was kept alive but instead shows us just like in the intro, a tale of the people of Zuni. This video in itself aids with keeping the Zuni culture alive, throughout the video we hear the stories of folk, historic moments, and traditions. We see an elder later in the video that tells the tale of a Giant, how the Zuni fought the giant that seemed unkillable until a warrior exposed its weakness and conquered the land after its defeat. The land was that of New Mexico as the Zuni passed down, they’re culture and ideologies. One of those ideologies were the one elders still pass down to this day, that of giving back everything that has been given to you. The Zuni people believed that you share your life instories to the young as it was a blessing to live and is now, you’re responsibility to pass down. This would cycle generations and would survive the various conquests attempted  at the Zuni people.
The Zuni people are rich in history and culture and there was a lot I did not know prior to the video. Having been invested in the way the Zuni see life was a highlight for me, the way they live life as a cycle of always giving and becoming a leader as an elder. This view on life was one inspired by the idea that everything is interconnected, as the video exclaimed, one can point to a stone and tell how we are connected to said stone. The Zuni were a diverse and intellectual people as the not spoke one tongue or two or three but eight. To have many customs that not everyone followed but still united as one culture is inspiring. How would such a tribe succumb to Spanish conquest? With the historic moment of 1539 when the first encounter would change their lives. Lastly learning about how the Zuni would warn their adversaries of conflict with a cornmeal line, another custom that has not been lost. If this cornmeal line was to be broken it would signal conflict and the Zuni would defend their lands, sadly the Spanish would not go down, not with their technological advancements.
The Zuni people are strong, smart, peaceful and hold a strong value to their customs. History, shows us how these people carried themselves but as well as first hand as to how they used to live thanks to the ideology of carrying down stories and continue the cycle of culture to this day.
